audioldm/qvim/data/qvim-dev/Items/DogBarks/ANMLDog_Dog Barking Terrier Medium Small Sized Interior_PSE_GEN_7utoG(2).wav
audioldm/qvim/data/qvim-dev/Items/Grunts/ANMLFarm_Pigs Group Grunt Snort Move Sniffle_PSE_GEN_IohJC.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/qvim-dev/Items/Rain/20150925 Kijjaz - Bangkok Rain 06.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/qvim-dev/Items/Scratch/Scratching.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/qvim-dev/Items/Smash/Glass Breaking.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/qvim-dev/Items/SwordShing/WEAPSwrd_Sword Archer Schwings Fast Lite Scrapes 1_PSE_BR-C_Hk5xJ.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/qvim-dev/Items/SwordShing/WEAPSwrd_Sword Broad Hits Hard 1_PSE_BR-C_I5QP9.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/qvim-dev/Items/Thunder/THUN_Thunder Rumble Rolls No Rain_PSE_BR-C_0eBgn(3).wav
audioldm/qvim/data/qvim-dev.zip
audioldm/qvim/data/VimSketch.zip
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/references/090_089Music_Musical instrument_Choir.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/references/101_100Music_Musical instrument_Orchestra.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/references/168_167Sounds of things_Alarm_Whistle_Kettle whistle.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/references/190_189Sounds of things_Domestic sounds_home sounds_Sink (filling or washing).wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/references/214_213Sounds of things_Explosion_Gunshot_gunfire_Fusillade.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/references/250_249Sounds of things_Vehicle_Aircraft_Fixed_wing aircraft_airplane.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/references/254_253Sounds of things_Vehicle_Boat_Water vehicle_Sailboat_sailing ship.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/references/256_255Sounds of things_Vehicle_Motor vehicle (road)_Bus.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/references/266_265Sounds of things_Vehicle_Motor vehicle (road)_Motorcycle.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/references/273_272Sounds of things_Vehicle_Non_motorized land vehicle_Skateboard.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/references/276_275Sounds of things_Vehicle_Rail transport_Train wheels squealing.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00075_003Animal_Domestic animals_pets_Cat_Purr.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00110_005Animal_Domestic animals_pets_Dog_Growling.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00141_007Animal_Livestock_farm animals_working animals_Cattle_bovinae_Cowbell.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00268_014Animal_Livestock_farm animals_working animals_Goat_Bleat.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00344_017Animal_Livestock_farm animals_working animals_Horse_Snort (horse).wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00371_019Animal_Wild animals_Bird_Bird flight_flapping wings.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00380_019Animal_Wild animals_Bird_Bird flight_flapping wings.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00400_020Animal_Wild animals_Bird_Bird vocalization_bird call_bird song_Chirp_tweet.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00414_021Animal_Wild animals_Bird_Crow_Caw.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00446_023Animal_Wild animals_Bird_Pigeon_dove_Coo.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00477_024Animal_Wild animals_Frog_Croak.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00481_025Animal_Wild animals_Insect_Bee_wasp_etc_Buzz.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00483_025Animal_Wild animals_Insect_Bee_wasp_etc_Buzz.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00542_028Animal_Wild animals_Roaring cats (lions_tigers)_Roar.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00717_038Human sounds_Digestive_Gargling.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00727_038Human sounds_Digestive_Gargling.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00814_043Human sounds_Heart sounds_heartbeat.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00835_045Human sounds_Human group actions_Booing.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00843_045Human sounds_Human group actions_Booing.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00873_047Human sounds_Human group actions_Children shouting.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00878_047Human sounds_Human group actions_Children shouting.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00907_048Human sounds_Human locomotion_Run.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00945_050Human sounds_Human locomotion_Walk_footsteps.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00955_051Human sounds_Human voice_Crying_sobbing_Baby cry_infant cry.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00985_052Human sounds_Human voice_Groan.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01008_054Human sounds_Human voice_Humming.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01076_057Human sounds_Human voice_Laughter_Giggle.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01119_059Human sounds_Human voice_Shout_Children shouting.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01136_060Human sounds_Human voice_Shout_Whoop.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01157_061Human sounds_Human voice_Shout_Yell.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01164_062Human sounds_Human voice_Sigh.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01191_063Human sounds_Human voice_Wail_moan.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01214_064Human sounds_Human voice_Whispering.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01231_065Human sounds_Human voice_Yawn.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01273_067Human sounds_Respiratory sounds_Breathing_Pant.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01287_068Human sounds_Respiratory sounds_Breathing_Snoring.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01406_074Music_Musical instrument_Bagpipes.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01425_075Music_Musical instrument_Bell_Bicycle bell.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01427_075Music_Musical instrument_Bell_Bicycle bell.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01445_076Music_Musical instrument_Bell_Chime_Wind chime.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01458_077Music_Musical instrument_Bell_Church bell.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01493_079Music_Musical instrument_Bell_Tuning fork.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01523_080Music_Musical instrument_Bowed string instrument_Cello.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01532_081Music_Musical instrument_Bowed string instrument_Double bass.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01556_082Music_Musical instrument_Bowed string instrument_String section.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01585_084Music_Musical instrument_Brass instrument_Bugle.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01593_084Music_Musical instrument_Brass instrument_Bugle.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01616_085Music_Musical instrument_Brass instrument_Cornet.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01638_086Music_Musical instrument_Brass instrument_French horn.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01666_088Music_Musical instrument_Brass instrument_Trumpet.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01673_088Music_Musical instrument_Brass instrument_Trumpet.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01680_088Music_Musical instrument_Brass instrument_Trumpet.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01704_090Music_Musical instrument_Didgeridoo.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01708_090Music_Musical instrument_Didgeridoo.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01732_091Music_Musical instrument_Harmonica.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01765_093Music_Musical instrument_Keyboard (musical)_Harpsichord.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01788_094Music_Musical instrument_Keyboard (musical)_Organ_Electronic organ.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01821_096Music_Musical instrument_Keyboard (musical)_Piano_Electric piano.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01828_096Music_Musical instrument_Keyboard (musical)_Piano_Electric piano.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01874_099Music_Musical instrument_Musical ensemble.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01887_099Music_Musical instrument_Musical ensemble.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02154_113Music_Musical instrument_Percussion_Mallet percussion_Vibraphone.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02197_115Music_Musical instrument_Percussion_Tambourine.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02257_118Music_Musical instrument_Plucked string instrument_Banjo.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02306_121Music_Musical instrument_Plucked string instrument_Guitar_Electric guitar.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02323_122Music_Musical instrument_Plucked string instrument_Guitar_Steel guitar_slide guitar.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02350_123Music_Musical instrument_Plucked string instrument_Guitar_Strum.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02354_124Music_Musical instrument_Plucked string instrument_Guitar_Tapping (guitar technique).wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02363_124Music_Musical instrument_Plucked string instrument_Guitar_Tapping (guitar technique).wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02379_125Music_Musical instrument_Plucked string instrument_Mandolin.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02415_127Music_Musical instrument_Plucked string instrument_Ukulele.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02418_127Music_Musical instrument_Plucked string instrument_Ukulele.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02443_128Music_Musical instrument_Plucked string instrument_Zither.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02497_131Music_Musical instrument_Theremin.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02620_137Music_Musical instrument_Wind instrument_woodwind instrument_Saxophone_Soprano saxophone.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02680_141Natural sounds_Water_Ocean_Waves_surf.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02702_142Natural sounds_Water_Rain_Rain on surface.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02712_143Natural sounds_Water_Stream.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02758_145Natural sounds_Water_Waterfall.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02804_148Sounds of things_Alarm_Air horn_truck horn.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02823_149Sounds of things_Alarm_Alarm clock.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02845_150Sounds of things_Alarm_Bicycle bell.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02919_154Sounds of things_Alarm_Fire alarm.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02993_157Sounds of things_Alarm_Siren_Civil defense siren.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03017_159Sounds of things_Alarm_Siren_Police car (siren).wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03061_161Sounds of things_Alarm_Telephone_Cellphone buzz_vibrating alert.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03118_164Sounds of things_Alarm_Telephone_Telephone bell ringing.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03193_168Sounds of things_Bell_Chime_Wind chime.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03216_169Sounds of things_Domestic sounds_home sounds_Bathtub (filling or washing).wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03227_170Sounds of things_Domestic sounds_home sounds_Blender.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03246_171Sounds of things_Domestic sounds_home sounds_Chopping (food).wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03415_180Sounds of things_Domestic sounds_home sounds_Drawer open or close.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03482_184Sounds of things_Domestic sounds_home sounds_Keys jangling.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03556_188Sounds of things_Domestic sounds_home sounds_Shuffling cards.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03570_189Sounds of things_Domestic sounds_home sounds_Sink (filling or washing).wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03590_190Sounds of things_Domestic sounds_home sounds_Toilet flush.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03605_191Sounds of things_Domestic sounds_home sounds_Toothbrush_Electric toothbrush.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03619_192Sounds of things_Domestic sounds_home sounds_Typing_Computer keyboard.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03687_195Sounds of things_Domestic sounds_home sounds_Velcro_hook and loop fastener.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03735_198Sounds of things_Domestic sounds_home sounds_Zipper (clothing).wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03740_198Sounds of things_Domestic sounds_home sounds_Zipper (clothing).wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03833_203Sounds of things_Engine_Light engine (high frequency)_Chainsaw.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03845_204Sounds of things_Engine_Light engine (high frequency)_Dental drill_dentist_s drill.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03858_204Sounds of things_Engine_Light engine (high frequency)_Dental drill_dentist_s drill.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03883_206Sounds of things_Engine_Medium engine (mid frequency).wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03900_207Sounds of things_Explosion_Boom_Sonic boom.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03958_210Sounds of things_Explosion_Fireworks_Firecracker.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03976_211Sounds of things_Explosion_Gunshot_gunfire_Artillery fire.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04012_213Sounds of things_Explosion_Gunshot_gunfire_Fusillade.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04057_215Sounds of things_Glass_Chink_clink.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04093_218Sounds of things_Liquid_Drip.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04187_223Sounds of things_Liquid_Splash_splatter_Slosh.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04216_225Sounds of things_Liquid_Squish.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04235_226Sounds of things_Liquid_Stir.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04320_231Sounds of things_Mechanisms_Clock_Tick_tock.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04377_234Sounds of things_Mechanisms_Printer.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04408_236Sounds of things_Mechanisms_Ratchet_pawl.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04429_237Sounds of things_Mechanisms_Sewing machine.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04432_237Sounds of things_Mechanisms_Sewing machine.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04474_239Sounds of things_Miscellaneous sources_Duck call (hunting tool).wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04485_240Sounds of things_Miscellaneous sources_Sonar.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04499_241Sounds of things_Specific impact sounds_Basketball bounce.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04520_242Sounds of things_Tools_Filing (rasp).wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04545_243Sounds of things_Tools_Hammer.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04577_245Sounds of things_Tools_Power tool_Drill_Dental drill_dentist_s drill.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04589_245Sounds of things_Tools_Power tool_Drill_Dental drill_dentist_s drill.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04617_247Sounds of things_Tools_Sawing.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04627_247Sounds of things_Tools_Sawing.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04634_248Sounds of things_Vehicle_Aircraft_Aircraft engine_Propeller_airscrew.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04642_248Sounds of things_Vehicle_Aircraft_Aircraft engine_Propeller_airscrew.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04675_250Sounds of things_Vehicle_Aircraft_Helicopter.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04705_251Sounds of things_Vehicle_Boat_Water vehicle_Motorboat_speedboat.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04733_253Sounds of things_Vehicle_Boat_Water vehicle_Sailboat_sailing ship.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04748_254Sounds of things_Vehicle_Boat_Water vehicle_Ship.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04803_257Sounds of things_Vehicle_Motor vehicle (road)_Car_Car passing by.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04821_258Sounds of things_Vehicle_Motor vehicle (road)_Car_Power windows_electric windows.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04825_258Sounds of things_Vehicle_Motor vehicle (road)_Car_Power windows_electric windows.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04828_259Sounds of things_Vehicle_Motor vehicle (road)_Car_Race car_auto racing.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04872_261Sounds of things_Vehicle_Motor vehicle (road)_Car_Vehicle horn_car horn_honking_Toot.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04944_265Sounds of things_Vehicle_Motor vehicle (road)_Motorcycle.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04963_266Sounds of things_Vehicle_Motor vehicle (road)_Traffic noise_roadway noise.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04991_267Sounds of things_Vehicle_Motor vehicle (road)_Truck_Air brake.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/05028_269Sounds of things_Vehicle_Motor vehicle (road)_Truck_Ice cream truck_ice cream van.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/05050_270Sounds of things_Vehicle_Motor vehicle (road)_Truck_Reversing beeps.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/05084_272Sounds of things_Vehicle_Non_motorized land vehicle_Skateboard.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/05086_272Sounds of things_Vehicle_Non_motorized land vehicle_Skateboard.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/05095_273Sounds of things_Vehicle_Rail transport_Railroad car_train wagon.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/05116_274Sounds of things_Vehicle_Rail transport_Subway_metro_underground.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/05183_278Sounds of things_Wood_Chop.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/05276_283Source_ambiguous sounds_Deformable shell_Crushing.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/05390_289Source_ambiguous sounds_Generic impact sounds_Knock.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/05411_291Source_ambiguous sounds_Generic impact sounds_Smash_crash.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/05423_292Source_ambiguous sounds_Generic impact sounds_Tap.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/05523_297Source_ambiguous sounds_Surface contact_Grind.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/05530_298Source_ambiguous sounds_Surface contact_Roll.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/05584_301Source_ambiguous sounds_Surface contact_Scratch.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/05586_301Source_ambiguous sounds_Surface contact_Scratch.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08033_002-accordian_playing-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08096_008-baby_crying-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08127_011-banjo_playing-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08201_019-blinds_opening-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08320_031-cash_register_opening_closing-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08349_034-cello_bowed-acoustic_instruments.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08384_037-child_coughing-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08395_038-chinese_cymbal_hit_with_a_stick-acoustic_instruments.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08467_046-crash_cymbal_bowed-acoustic_instruments.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08500_049-crash_cymbal_mallet_roll-acoustic_instruments.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08549_054-cutting_paper-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08552_054-cutting_paper-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08617_060-donkey_hawing-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08655_064-drill_drilling-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08658_065-drums_playing-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08710_070-explosion_sounding-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08761_075-flute_playing-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08780_077-freaky_moonlight-commercial_synthesizers.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08890_088-harp_playing-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08990_098-lion_growling-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/09063_105-metaloid-commercial_synthesizers.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/09236_122-people_clapping-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/09257_124-person_chewing-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/09278_127-person_snoring-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/09392_139-rattlesnake_rattling-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/09420_141-reversed_envelope-commercial_synthesizers.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/09442_143-rooster_calling-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/09458_145-saw_sawing-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/09598_159-subsynth_1886-single_synthesizer.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/09601_159-subsynth_1886-single_synthesizer.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/09723_170-subsynth_2127-single_synthesizer.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/09789_176-subsynth_2214-single_synthesizer.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/09833_180-subsynth_2238-single_synthesizer.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/09846_182-subsynth_2447-single_synthesizer.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/09890_186-subsynth_374-single_synthesizer.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/10025_199-synth_metallic_stars-commercial_synthesizers.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/10146_211-truck_accelerating-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/10213_217-vibraphone_bowed-acoustic_instruments.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/10219_218-vibraphone_sustained-acoustic_instruments.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/10239_220-viola_plucked-acoustic_instruments.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/10252_221-violin_bowed-acoustic_instruments.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/10311_227-water_pouring-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/10370_233-windgong-acoustic_instruments.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02777_146Natural sounds_Wind_Howl (wind).wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00027_001Animal_Domestic animals_pets_Cat_Hiss.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/00861_046Human sounds_Human group actions_Cheering.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01017_054Human sounds_Human voice_Humming.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/01812_095Music_Musical instrument_Keyboard (musical)_Organ_Hammond organ.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02066_109Music_Musical instrument_Percussion_Drum_Timpani.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02157_113Music_Musical instrument_Percussion_Mallet percussion_Vibraphone.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02498_131Music_Musical instrument_Theremin.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02559_134Music_Musical instrument_Wind instrument_woodwind instrument_Flute.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/02882_152Sounds of things_Alarm_Car alarm.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03255_171Sounds of things_Domestic sounds_home sounds_Chopping (food).wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03467_183Sounds of things_Domestic sounds_home sounds_Hair dryer.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/03746_199Sounds of things_Engine_Accelerating_revving_vroom.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04351_233Sounds of things_Mechanisms_Mechanical fan.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04396_235Sounds of things_Mechanisms_Pulleys.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04566_244Sounds of things_Tools_Jackhammer.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04596_246Sounds of things_Tools_Sanding.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/04972_266Sounds of things_Vehicle_Motor vehicle (road)_Traffic noise_roadway noise.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/05062_271Sounds of things_Vehicle_Non_motorized land vehicle_Bicycle_Bicycle bell.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/05112_274Sounds of things_Vehicle_Rail transport_Subway_metro_underground.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/05396_290Source_ambiguous sounds_Generic impact sounds_Slap_smack.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08115_010-bamboo_air_strings-commercial_synthesizers.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/08741_073-firecrackers_sounding-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/09018_101-man_laughing-everyday.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/09722_170-subsynth_2127-single_synthesizer.wav
audioldm/qvim/data/Vim_Sketch_Dataset/vocal_imitations/10314_228-waves_breaking-everyday.wav
